Fixes 4090: add workflow docs (#715)
content-services/content-sources-backend: docs/workflows/introspection.md

## Introspection

## Background

> One of the purposes of the content-sources application is to provide a central registry of repositories used by an organization, alongside information about those repositories.  This information includes what packages, advisories, and package groups included within the repository.  If a service needs to install content from an introspected repository it would need to use the external URL to pull the RPMs directly, no RPMs are actually hosted by our service. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the purposes of the content-sources application is to provide a central registry of repositories used by an organization, alongside information about those repositories.  This information includes what packages, advisories, and package groups are included within the repository.  If a service needs to install content from an introspected repository it needs to use the external URL to pull the RPMs directly, no RPMs are actually hosted by our service. 
```

### What is introspection?

> Introspection is the process of learning about a yum repository, including details around packages, advisories/errata, and package groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Introspection is the process of learning about a yum repository, including details about packages, advisories/errata, and package groups.
```

> This information is stored within the database and can be fetched or searched via the api.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This information is stored within the database and can be fetched or searched using the API.
```

### How often does introspection occur?
Repositories are attempted to be introspected once per day. A job is run hourly that attempts to introspect any repos that have not been introspected successfully in the last 24 hours.

* this job can be run manually with `go run cmd/external-repos/main.go nightly-jobs`

> Introspection can also be triggered directly via the API & UI, or via a command line commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Introspection can also be triggered directly using the API & UI, or using the command line:
```

* `go run cmd/external-repos/main.go introspect-all`
* `go run cmd/external-repos/main.go introspect https://myrepo.example.com/path/`

### How is repository introspection data used?

> Image builder can build images using data from the content-sources api.  When building an image Image Builder will list repositories within the users organization and allow the user to search for packages within their selected repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Image builder can build images using data from the content-sources API.  When building an image, Image Builder will list repositories within the user's organization and allow the user to search for packages within their selected repositories.
```
